This is my time to reflect and forget the past
I'll never gonna change the world
But maybe I can try to change
the way you see the life
'Cuz right now I belive you can open your eyes
many times I was mistaken
and I feel hart is breaking
this bullshit is infecting our lifes
And for that you know we have to do
We can choose the rights
for change our destiny
and run away for this disgrace
the world is going down
I fell that we are
the puppets of the system
Hey You shut the fuck up
We have the power
and we will fight till the end
when the enemy is close
I'll never follow the rules
step by step I shot the truth
they try to fuck to us
They are the politics
If we don't fight
we won't live in a better world
We Can choose the rights
for change our destiny
and run away from this disgrace
the world is going down
I feel that we are
the PUPPETS of the system!!
We can take this anymore!!
We can take....
this...
ANYMORE!!
We can choose the rights
for change our destiny
and run away for this disgrace
the world is going down
I feel that we are
the PUPPETS of the system!!
When
Will this end
nothing gonna stop the change in this new day of glory
I...
will die
fighting till the end to show the world
whats the price to....
Pay!!!
for live in a better world
We will fight!!
We...
will..
FIGHT!!